feat(desktop-modeler): add process application deployment docs (#5528)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/process-applications.md

- Manually by setting the process, decision, or form ID in the properties panel

<p><img src={LinkResourcesImg} alt="Linking resources by using the replace feature" /></p>

## Deploying a process application

Process applications can be deployed using the [deploy feature](./connect-to-camunda-8.md). When deploying a process application, all files that are part of the process application will be deployed.

<p><img src={DeployImg} alt="Deploying a process application" /></p>

## Starting a process instance

> For any process of a process application an instance can be started using the [start instance feature](./start-instance.md). All process application files will be deployed automatically.

Reviewer: We could emphasize the why: Start an instance in the state that you currently develop.

```suggestion
For any process of a process application an instance can be started using the [start instance feature](./start-instance.md). All process application files will be deployed automatically, ensuring you start the instance in the state that you currently develop.
```

> For any process of a process application an instance can be started using the [start instance feature](./start-instance.md). All process application files will be deployed automatically.

Reviewer: I think this better brings the point across.

> To start an instance of the main process of a process application use the [start instance feature](./start-instance.md). Before starting an instance of the main process all files that are part of the process application will be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start an instance of any process inside of the application use the [start instance feature](./start-instance.md). Under the hood, this will ensure that the application is deployed to your configured Camunda 8 cluster.
```

Author: I simplifyied it removing the notion of a main process. I had added it initially because that's probably the happy path.
